Indy Docker Container WG
=========================

2020-06-01 Meeting #6
===========================


Attendance
-----------

- Sebastian (EECC)
- Guido (Mgm)
- Niclas (Spherity)


Decisions
----------

- Approved: https://github.com/IDunion/indy-node-container/issues/5#issuecomment-857753103 (aka https://github.com/IDunion/indy-node-container/issues/21 )
  - How to handle unfixed vulnerabilities? -> Ignore!
  - Get a concise list of security issues that we can actually handle
- Use tagging schema as suggested in https://github.com/IDunion/indy-node-container/issues/22
- Push images only on release (see https://github.com/IDunion/indy-node-container/issues/15 )
- Release automation not needed for now
- Change regular meeting time to 9:15-10:00

Next Steps
---------------

See https://github.com/IDunion/indy-node-container/issues

- Biggest open issue: [Node Controller for Containers](https://github.com/IDunion/indy-node-container/issues/8)


Next Meeting
----------------

- Weekly Fri 9:15-10:00
